Title: Differential and Integral Calculus

Differential Calculus:
(Everything other than Helal Sir's sheet is a lie)

1.  Limit
2. Continuity and Differentiability
3.  Differentiation of Explicit and Implicit Function and Parametric Equations
4.  Significance of Derivatives
5. Differentials, Successive
6. Differentiation of Various Types of Functions
7.  Leibnitz’s Theorem
8.  Rolle’s Theorem
9.  Mean Value Theorem
10. Taylor's Theorem in Finite and Infinite Forms
11.  Maclaurin’s Theorem in Finite and Infinite Forms
12.  Lagrange’s Form of Remainders
13. Cauehy’s Form of Remainder
14.  Expansion of Functions by Differentiation and Integration
15.  Partial Differentiation
16.  Euler's Theorem
17.  Tangent and Normal
18.  Maxima and Minima
19.  Points of Inflection and their Applications
20.  Evaluation of Indeterminate Forms by L’Hospital Rule
21.  Curvature
22.  Evaluate and Inviolate
23.  Asymptotes
24.  Envelopes
25.  Curve Tracing

Integral Calculus:

1. Definitions of Integration
2.  Integration by the Method of Substitutions
3.  Integration by the Method of Successive Reduction
4.  Definite Integrals
5.  Beta Function and Gamma Function
6. Area under a Plane Curve in Cartesian and Polar Coordinates
7. Area of the Region Enclosed by Two Curves in Cartesian and Polar Coordinates
8. Parametric and Pedal Equations
9. Intrinsic Equation
10. Volumes of Solids of Revolution
11. Volume of Hollow Solids of Revolution by Shell Method
12.  Area of Surface of Revolution
13. Multiple Integration